What's up with this Sun Zhonghua?
Shut up and draw first
It is
What's so good about that bitch Su Wanqiu?
Why are there two Sun Group father and son?
You have to scramble to sign the contract with him
Oh, I see.
Their father and son will not both like Su Wanqiu
You said if he hadn't slept with someone else
Why do people name names?
To come and sign a contract with him
Anyway.
We must take down the cooperation of the Sun family
Bingo
Call late autumn now and ask him to come back
Oops, it's coming, it's coming.
Yo, it's not coming soon.
Get out of my way, stinky beggar
Su Wanqiu, come here for me
Su Shiman, what are you doing here?
I called you so many times
You have to come and invite you, don't you?
What do you want?
Come with me!
Only you can sign the contract of the Sun Group
Sign the contract with me
Hey wait a minute
Since it is a request
Want to show some sincerity?
You are so high
It's not a pleading attitude.